This happened about 30 minutes ago. I tried googling it, but came up with nothing. My curiosity is too immense to just let it go.

Picture this. I'm in the gym doing my thing. I grabbed a bench and was doing dumbbell rows by myself. Nothing out of the ordinary, until I see these pair of guys working out right next to me. One of them was big. Strong big. As in if he slapped my girlfriends ass, I would tell her to apologize to avoid a confrontation big. Now the other guy was more or less the opposite. He looked like one of those guys that ventures out from the confines of his own home maybe once every six months. 

The big guy, he's doing dumbbell curls, and putting up a respectable numbers, but I couldn't help but be distracted by the smaller one. He's standing so close to him he could kiss him, and has his index finger extended and won't stop poking the big guy's arm. Like locked in, laser precision, just tap tap tapping the guy's bicep. And the big guy obviously wants this to happen. He's curling the weight, and I'm talking about teeth clenched, veins popping out of his skull, grunt yelling effort being put into this exercise, while this guy who looks more robot than human won't give the tapping a rest. 

There also seems to be this sort of quiet self-consciousness about the whole procedure, because every once and a while the big guy would look around like he was being watched. To be fair he was. I couldn't take my eyes off of it. We made eye contact several times, and I hated myself for it.

They switch places, and now it's the little guys turn. He adjusts the weight, and starts curling. And the big one is standing next to him, scrolling through his phone, rocking his body just slightly to the music in his headphones. Of course, now I'm thinking "why isn't he getting his bicep tapped?" And now I'm in this existential loop where I'm asking myself why I'm so concerned with who's getting their arm tapped, and maybe that I'm the strange one for expecting the taps to be returned. 

And then it happens. The big one, he sees the little guy struggling and he hops right in. Only he's not just using one finger. He's using five, then ten. He's mixing up rhythms and tempos, and circling around his struggling friend in an elegant display of whatever the fuck I'm watching. I mean, he's tapping this kid's bicep like this talent was a gift from God, and he was born to exercise it. The thing is, this smaller guy, his form improves, his arm, although quaking before, is now steady and he grits his teeth and finishes the set. I couldn't believe my eyes.

I guess what I'm wondering is what the hell was going on? Did I stumble upon some secret fitness tip past down from generations of bicep tappers? Is this a normal thing that I was blissfully unaware of? Obviously, I'm making a bigger deal out of this then what needs to be made, but if I don't discover some kind of answer to what was happening, I fear that I will never be satisfied in this life or the next.

Edit: Just got home, and apparently I just got reddit gold. If there's one thing I hate it's people that get all mooshy and emotional once they're gilded, so I'm not going to do any of that. Instead I would like to take the time to talk about an issue very near and dear to my heart: Milk. It's a beverage that simply should not be a menu option in any country that is not ravaged by corruption or poverty, and personally, as an American I'm ashamed to see it available here in the states. Call me a bigot. I don't care. I'll say it: I'm lactose intolerant. I'm just playing. Thanks for the love people! If I could, I would tap each and every single one of your biceps, provided that the exchange was consensual. 